Add Links to TN0021 (#598)
apollographql/docs: src/content/technotes/TN0005-overload-protection.mdx

### Subgraphs

A failure in a subgraph can cause a backup in the gateway. If this backup is due to load, overload protection helps short-circuit the return of an error. This relieves the pressure in both the gateway and the subgraph by allowing the gateway to return errors faster.

> ## Additional Protections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional Protections

```

> To further protect against overloading of your graph and system, you should enable [limiting query depth](/technotes/TN0021-graph-security/#limit-query-depth) and [rate limiting](/technotes/TN0021-graph-security/#use-rate-limiting-as-needed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To further protect against overloading your graph and system, you should enable [limiting query depth](/technotes/TN0021-graph-security/#limit-query-depth) and [rate limiting](/technotes/TN0021-graph-security/#use-rate-limiting-as-needed).
```

Author: Done and done!

> To further protect against overloading of your graph and system, you may want to consider [limiting query depth](/technotes/TN0021-graph-security/#limit-query-depth) and [rate limiting](/technotes/TN0021-graph-security/#use-rate-limiting-as-needed).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To further protect against overloading of your graph and system, consider [limiting query depth](/technotes/TN0021-graph-security/#limit-query-depth) and [rate limiting](/technotes/TN0021-graph-security/#use-rate-limiting-as-needed).
```

Should we expand this to include PQ, AuthZ/N as well?

Author: As in linking to the authorization the note? (TN0004)

Reviewer 3: I don't know that we should here. Since this is related to specifically things like circuit breakers and other rate-limiting concerns, this won't feel natural in this context. 

Also a slight language variation: 

```suggestion
To further protect against overloading of your graph and system, you should enable [limiting query depth](/technotes/TN0021-graph-security/#limit-query-depth) and [rate limiting](/technotes/TN0021-graph-security/#use-rate-limiting-as-needed).
```

We should be more forceful if possible.

Reviewer 2: thats fair - there's a bit of overlap with PQ/Auth for example in that while it won't help with rate limiting per se, it can bounce requests at the router layer potentially preventing overloading your subgraphs. thoughts @lleadbet ?

Reviewer 3: @tushdante - I can see the point, but for a technote covering mostly shedding load, I feel like it'll create more confusion without a ton of other messaging around it; if @andrewmcgivery feels confident in writing that up, I think it _can_ make sense, just not as a footnote.

Author: Yea, I'm also feeling like it won't add a huge amount of value without a section describing why it's relevant. I'm going to merge for now. Thanks folks! :)
